Fixes GitHub issue #33768 - No indication of the nodes required in the external file (#37677)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/configure-apps/file-schema/linkedconfiguration-element.md

> [!NOTE]
> The \<linkedConfiguration> element isn't supported for applications with Windows side-by-side manifests.

The following rules govern the use of linked configuration files:

- The settings in included configuration files only affect loader binding policy and are used only by the loader. The included configuration files can have settings other than binding policies, but those settings don't have any effect.

- The only format supported for the `href` attribute is `file://`. Local files and UNC files are supported.

- There's no constraint on the number of linked configurations per configuration file.

- All linked configuration files are merged to form one assembly configuration file, similar to the behavior of the `#include` directive in C/C++.

> - The \<linkedConfiguration> element is allowed only in application configuration files. *Machine.config* ignores this element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The \<linkedConfiguration> element is allowed only in application configuration files. If the element appears in a *Machine.config* file, it's ignored.
```

Reviewer: It's not the machine.config file doing the ignoring; it's the runtime.
